In the Agile Project, you and your team mates are expected to organise yourselves, manage your project and solve technical 
problems independently. Nevertheless, 6 weeks is a long period to work with others and you might find it helpful to have an 
idea how to divide up that period and what to do in each week. This page provides a suggested schedule of work that identifies 
roughly what you should aim to do each week. It is ok to deviate from this, but beware that if you get behind significantly, 
this may be a sign that remedial action is required.

Week 1

In this week, you should arrange to meet with your team. At this first meeting, you should accomplish the following:

Schedule one or two regular weekly meetings. Try to meet at the same time(s) and place(s) each week. Otherwise, you will 
have to reschedule meetings each week, and chances are that people will start dropping out of meetings.
At your first meeting, agree how you are going to work together. Here are some issues you need to agree on:
How will work be allocated? How do you decide who does what and avoid a situation where two or more people produce competing 
solutions to the same task?
How will you decide whether a task (user story) is "done"? Should the code come with comprehensive tests? (This is a 
rhetorical question: the answer is yes)
How and when will you code? Is your team adopting pair programming? (This is a good idea if your team consists of 
inexperience programmers)? Will you be coding at home or together in a lab? (Working together in the same place enhances 
team communication)
What roles do you need in your team? (It is a good idea to have at least a project manager, someone to lead/chair meetings 
and someone to take minutes at meetings) Who will take on what role?
How are you going to encourage (enforce) all team members to adopt good practices (e.g. write clean code, write clear 
commit messages, produce tests alongside code, etc.)
What development tools will you use? (You are required to use Gradle and JUnit. A good code editor, such as atom or 
sublime, is all you need for coding. Don't use an IDE unless you know exactly how to configure it for group work and 
#you can help others to do the same thing. If you are going to use an IDE, make sure that everyone is using the same one. 
If in doubt, don't use an IDE.)
Create a shared GitHub repository and add all team members as collaborators. Ensure that all team members have configured 
their name and the right @kcl.ac.uk email address in their local development environment. Ensure that the shared 
repository is configured with the complete .gitignore file. Register you shared repository on Team Feedback.
Ensure that all team members have read the project assignment carefully. Then, organise a meeting where you produce a 
backlog of user stories.
Have everyone read the principles behind the agile manifesto. Is this something you can all subscribe to?
Weeks 2—5

In this period, you will be developing your application. Here are some things to watch out for:
Pace yourself and ensure the rests of the team does to. This is crucial in any project, and especially an agile one. 
Try to do a bit of development each week.
Integrate your code regularly, at least every week.
Aim to produce a minimum viable product by the midway point of the project.
Code for what you need now, not for the future.
Deliver code as fast as possible. Make important decisions as late as possible.
By the end fo the third week or the start of the fourth week, reflect on how things are going and have an honest conversation 
about this within the team. What works well and what does not work so well? Is there anything you should change?
Week 6

In the final week of the project, you should focus your efforts on completing the deliverables. Don't add any features or 
code unless you absolutely have to. Last minute adding of features is a risky because it can cause code regression. 
Make sure your code builds and passes all tests and is packaged as required. Make sure all deliverables are included.
